# Data-analysis
Analysis report 

FILES DESCRIPTION:

1) Figure1 : generated by "script7.sh" and the data file is "histo-realtime.dat" and the graph is created by "graph1.gnu", plot5.png
2) Figure2 : the data file is "count-actions(1,2,3,4).dat" and the graph is created by "graph2.gnu", plot (1,2,3,4,5,all).png
3) Figure3 : generated by "histo_JE-count-without-redundancy.awk" and the data file is "count-user-scatter.dat" and the graph is created by "graph3.gnu", plot6.png
4) Figure4 : generated by "histo-deepak-space.awk" and the data file is "histo-realtime-space.dat" and the graph is created by "graph5.gnu", plot7.png
5) Report.pdf : is the report of the data analysis

Note1: (script usage and input files information)

For "script7.sh", I have added the raw input file "action-timestamp.out" I used to generate the "histo-realtime.dat" output file. After running the script it will generate a file with three columns, the "timestamp" is in first 2 columns and third column is the count of the actions performed. Later, I converted the timestamp from UNIX format to human readable format using R parameter "as.POSIXct(timestamps, origin="1970-01-01")".

 For Graphs, A, B, C, D, I have added the general raw script (script2.sh) of how I generated the input file. This script is an accumulation of linux commands. The file "tmp" is the file with all the actions performed in a particular time frame. For example, for Graph A. I extracted from the dataset all the actions performed in the time-frame "2015-04-08,08:41:59 (1428482519062: timestamp), 2015-04-08,08:58:39 (1428483519062: timestamp)" . Similarly, I performed the same steps for Graph B, C and D.

 For "histo_JE-count-without-redundancy.awk", I have added the raw input file "userid-timestamp.out" I used to generate "count-user.dat". From "count-user.dat" "count-user-scatter.dat" file was generated by extracting the last 2 columns of "actions count" (second-last column) and "users count" (last column).

 For "histo-deepak-space.awk", I have added the raw input file "space-timestamp.out" I used to generate the "histo-realtime-space.dat". After running the script it will generate three columns, the "timestamp" is in first 2 columns and third column is the sum of all space used in a particular time frame. Later,  I converted the "timestamp" from UNIX format to human readable format using R parameter "as.POSIXct(timestamps, origin="1970-01-01")" and also converted the space usage (assuming in MB to GB) in the fourth column.
